Improve docs (#26)
AndreasBackx/waycorner: README.md

paru -S waycorner
```

> ### Nix/NixOS
> 
> There are several methods to install waycorner using Nix. Waycorner already exists in Nixpkgs, so it is a matter of preference or
> available tooling. You may pick whichever option suites your use case.
> 
> #### Nix (Standalone)
> 
> ```bash
> nix profile install nixpkgs#waycorner
> ```
> 
> #### NixOS
> 
> ```nix
> {pkgs, ...}: {
>     environment.systemPackages = [pkgs.waycorner];
> }
> ```
> 
> #### Home-Manager
> 
> ```nix
> {pkgs, ...}: {
>     home.packages = [pkgs.waycorner];
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Nix(OS)

There is a [`waycorner`](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/nixos-unstable/pkgs/applications/misc/waycorner/default.nix) package available via Nixpkgs. This is not automatically updated and is maintained by the kind individual @NotAShelf.

```

1. I don't want to duplicate "how to use Nix" packaging here. People should imho know how to add it to their Nix setup.
2. Considering this is not including in the GitHub actions, this is not automatically updated so that is worth mentioning.
3. It's not maintained/owned by me, so it's worth calling that out too.

We can include it in the automatic updating if you could share some documentation on how that would be achieved via GitHub actions. Additionally, I'd need to be made owner of the Nix package.

Finally, can you move this under the "Cargo" installation?

cargo install waycorner --locked
```

### Nix/NixOS

[`waycorner`]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/nixos-unstable/pkgs/applications/misc/waycorner/default.nix
[See installation instructions.]: https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=waycorner&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=waycorner
[@NotAShelf]: https://github.com/notashelf

> [out-of-date package report]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=9.needs%3A+package+%28update%29&projects=&template=out_of_date_package_report.md&title=Update+request%3A+PACKAGENAME+OLDVERSION+%E2%86%92+NEWVERSION

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[create an out-of-date package report]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=9.needs%3A+package+%28update%29&projects=&template=out_of_date_package_report.md&title=Update+request%3A+PACKAGENAME+OLDVERSION+%E2%86%92+NEWVERSION
[NixOS/nixpkgs]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs
```

The [`waycorner`] package is available via Nixpkgs. [See installation instructions.]

> [!NOTE]
> The Waycorner package in Nixpkgs is not updated automatically by the project, and is instead

> > maintained by [@NotAShelf]. Please contact [@NotAShelf] or create an [out-of-date package report] on https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs in case the version is out-of-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> maintained by [@NotAShelf]. Please contact [@NotAShelf] or [create an out-of-date package report] on [NixOS/nixpkgs] in case the version is out-of-date.
```

cargo install waycorner --locked
```

### Nix/NixOS

> [`waycorner` package]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/nixos-unstable/pkgs/applications/misc/waycorner/default.nix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`waycorner`]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/nixos-unstable/pkgs/applications/misc/waycorner/default.nix
```

> [search.nixos.org]: https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=waycorner&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=waycorner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[See installation instructions.]: https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=waycorner&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=waycorner
```

[@NotAShelf]: https://github.com/notashelf
[out-of-date package report]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=9.needs%3A+package+%28update%29&projects=&template=out_of_date_package_report.md&title=Update+request%3A+PACKAGENAME+OLDVERSION+%E2%86%92+NEWVERSION

> There is a [waycorner package] package available via Nixpkgs. Refer to [search.nixos.org] page for Waycorner
> for the appropriate installation methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`waycorner`] package is available via Nixpkgs. [See installation instructions.]
```

The link above is not the same so this is not rendering. Also fixed some phrasing weirdness.

> [!NOTE]

> > The Waycorner package in Nixpkgs is not updated automatically by the project author, and is instead
> > maintained by [@NotAShelf]. Please contact the maintainer or open an [out-of-date package report] in
> > Nixpkgs.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Waycorner package in Nixpkgs is not updated automatically by the project, and is instead
> maintained by [@NotAShelf]. Please contact [@NotAShelf] or create an [out-of-date package report] on https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs in case the version is out-of-date.

```

`https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs` becomes https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs.

# Hex color of the corner when previewed, supports transparency. (#AARRGGBB or #RRGGBB)

> # (Useful for debuging purposes when setting up several hot corners.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (Useful for debugging purposes when setting up several hot corners.)
```
